Modifying the sample examples to refer v1beta1 (#1352)
shipwright-io/build: docs/buildrun.md

  - `spec.paramValues` - Refers to a name-value(s) list to specify values for `parameters` defined in the `BuildStrategy`. This value overwrites values defined with the same name in the Build.
  - `spec.output.image` - Refers to a custom location where the generated image would be pushed. The value will overwrite the `output.image` value defined in `Build`. ( Note: other properties of the output, for example, the credentials, cannot be specified in the buildRun spec. )
  - `spec.output.credentials.name` - Reference an existing secret to get access to the container registry. This secret will be added to the service account along with the ones requested by the `Build`.
  - `spec.output.pushSecret` - Reference an existing secret to get access to the container registry. This secret will be added to the service account along with the ones requested by the `Build`.
  - `spec.env` - Specifies additional environment variables that should be passed to the build container. Overrides any environment variables that are specified in the `Build` resource. The available variables depend on the tool used by the chosen build strategy.

> _Note:_ The `BuildRef` and `BuildSpec` are mutually exclusive. Furthermore, the overrides for `timeout`, `paramValues`, `output`, and `env` can only be combined with `buildRef`, but **not** with `buildSpec`.

Author: @qu1queee @SaschaSchwarze0 AFAIU, with v1beta1, the `BuildSpec` & `BuildRef` are now replaced with `spec.build.spec` & `spec.build.name` for buildRun.
Does the above statement still apply for both (build.spec & build.name being mutually exclusive)?

Author: As per the slack discussion, I got the answer to the above i.e., YES. One can either specify `spec.build.spec` or `spec.build.name`. Thanks!
 
A follow-up que:  What are we indicating with the following statement? Is it that the specified parameters can still be overridden through some other CR when we use `spec.build.name`, and the parameters specified in the fields of `spec.build.spec` will remain intact as specified in the buildRun?
~~~
 Furthermore, the overrides for `timeout`, `paramValues`, `output`, and `env` can only be combined with `buildRef`, but **not** with `buildSpec`.
~~~

Reviewer: > A follow-up que: What are we indicating with the following statement? Is it that the specified parameters can still be overridden through some other CR when we use spec.build.name, and the parameters specified in the fields of spec.build.spec will remain intact as specified in the buildRun?

Yes

apiVersion: shipwright.io/v1beta1
kind: BuildRun
metadata:
  name: buildpack-nodejs-buildrun-namespaced
spec:
  build:
    name: buildpack-nodejs-build-namespaced
```

> ### Defining the Build Spec

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Defining the Build Specification
```

A `BuildRun` resource can define a serviceaccount to use. Usually this SA will host all related secrets referenced on the `Build` resource, for example:

```yaml
apiVersion: shipwright.io/v1beta1
kind: BuildRun
metadata:
  name: buildpack-nodejs-buildrun-namespaced
spec:
  build:
    name: buildpack-nodejs-build-namespaced
  serviceAccount: pipeline
```

> You can also set the value of `spec.serviceAccount` to `".generate"`. This will generate the service account during runtime for you. The name of the generated service account is the name of the BuildRun.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also set the value of `spec.serviceAccount` to `".generate"`. This will generate the service account during runtime for you. The name of the generated service account is the same as that of the BuildRun.
```

| False    | BuildRunBuildFieldOverrideForbidden     | Yes | The defined `BuildRun` uses an override (e.g. `timeout`, `paramValues`, `output`, or `env`) in combination with `spec.build.spec`, which is not allowed. Use the `spec.build.spec` to directly specify the respective value. |
| False    | PodEvicted                              | Yes | The BuildRun Pod was evicted from the node it was running on. See [API-initiated Eviction](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/api-eviction/) and [Node-pressure Eviction](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/node-pressure-eviction/) for more information. |

_Note_: We heavily rely on the Tekton TaskRun [Conditions](https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/main/docs/taskruns.md#monitoring-execution-status) for populating the BuildRun ones, with some exceptions.

### Understanding failed BuildRuns

The `status.conditions` hosts a compacted message under the `message` field that contains the `kubectl` command to trigger and retrieve the logs.

> Users can check the `status.failureDetails` field, which includes the detailed information with failure reason and message.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users can check the `status.failureDetails` field, which includes a detailed failure reason and message.
```
